


Next: (Crtl+Shift+F "###" to find things that need to be worked on)
	Make a hierarchy plan. 
	Grab my file reading code
	Ok my file legend should also have "Observers" that the can activate circuits
	Rework "Bound network" code
	Rework customization settings from Fragile bounds
	Add basic art
	Add some juicy sounds


---- General Thoughts/plans ----

Outside World: could be an actual explorable little room of the person in the outside world before they enter the Maze. Maybe
different characters have different rooms before entering the Maze and maybe you can do things in the room like you can in your 
room in death stranding 

Maze Entrance Interface:
	>Main Menu pretty much
	>Customization option is settings + controls to change the game. There should be a text that says "this is open source,
	if you want full control to change this, Go ahead!"
	>Level editor: Siva said perhaps you can only have the level editor for a limited time and it's slightly evil but also maybe
	genius to get the player to want to have control of the level editor?? Check out file experimentation for more
	>Play. Lets you play experiences or the classic HUNT mode. Experiences are like linear crafted adventures and HUNT is the 
	single/multiplayer mode. Alien Swarm had this super cool feature where the menu faded into gameplay and I think it can be
	recreated
	>Central Connection. Maybe a funny way to show the clash of control using the openness of code, this would be a way to input
	codes which are then sent to a closed source database and if the code is recognized, the player is rewarded. Maybe we can use
	this to hide stuff from the super open code.
	

Maze:
	> 25 different saved possible 5 by 5 tile rooms filled with trigger tiles. Trigger tiles make reactions happen

Grid:
	>I think I want to use position for this rather than global position. In case we want to move or scale the grid

File Experimentation:
	>ND Jia was showing the cool subcultures built around custom file formats and maybe we can learn from those BMS files.
	> I always thought cross game file sharing would be awesome and maybe made easier with open source. There could be some
	"CrossGameItemFormat" where it lists what an item is and different games can interpret the data in different ways
	> The level editor for It's hard to make a good snowman is all in a text file pretty much and I think this super freeflow 
	system could be huge
